Now with 25% less sodium!
Report bugs at https://github.com/TurboWafflz/ImaginaryInfinity-Calculator/issues
Partly made while procrastinating math homework!
Have you tried making plugins? Do it. Now. Or else.
Now featuring features! (Features may not be featured in some areas.)
Used by more than 0% of students!
Approved for use on 0% of standardized tests!
Gluten Free!
50% off sale! Now only $0.00!
Protip: Spending hours writing a calculator can save you seconds on your homework!
20% More in Every Box!
20 GOTO 10!
Why are you still here? Go make plugins!
Gerald Approved!
Who is the place to be?
Arnold's Father was a Great Teacher!
Still not supported on DOS-11!
Now with added fiber!
Released sooner than Half Life 3!
Ticklish!
It's so Unbelievably Silly!
ImaginaryInfinity is not responsible for personal injury or death resulting from the use of this software.
Hypoallergenic!
Hyperallergenic!
BPA free!
Contains no artificial flavors!
Fun fact: Most fun facts are not actually fun!
Tip of the day: iiCalc can be used to solve math problems!
100% Color!
Plagiarism Free!
Under 5 Gigabytes!
Now with extra cheese!
Only 5 Minutes Left!
Contents may settle during shipping
iiCalc is sold by weight not volume
Did you know iiCalc supports keyboard input? Just plug in your favorite keyboard and start typing!
Protip: iiCalc supports voice input, loudly say "MATH NOW" to begin.
0-60 in under 0.5 seconds!
Over 15 equations per gallon!
Remember: iiCalc is your friend and would be very sad if you used another calculator or forgot it's birthday
Stress reducing!
Stress inducing!
100% written by human beings who live on earth and are human just like you!
Nontoxic!
Wouldn't it be funny if someone made a calculator that would target individuals and give them incorrect answers?
Non flammable!
Microwave safe!
Dishwasher safe!
May contain small parts, not suitable for children under 3 years old, adults over 93 years old, or Fred.
Family friendly!
Safe for work!
Non-lethal!
More popular than at least one other thing!
100% trustworthy and safe!
iiCalc may not be legal in all areas, check with your lawyer before purchasing
Check with your doctor to see if iiCalc is right for you
Water soluble!
Fat free!
Most users see results within 10 days!
4/23/25
Fuzzy!
Now with a store!
iiCalc is brought to you by some developers!
https://bit.ly/caveupdate
Written with 0% JavaScript!
What if we unlocked the other 98% of milk?
Over 5,300 lines of code!
Fun Fact: 100% of Japanese speaking citizens speak Japanese.
Finally, a cave update.
Now with fixed floating point arithmetic!
Contains 0% of your daily recommended intake of vitamin C
Not a significant source of saturated fat, trans fat, cholesterol, dietary fiber, vitamin A and calcium.
Contains 5 servings per container
Low Fat
0 Calories
100% Juice
Contains 0% Juice
Moskau Moskau
Sugar Free
Naturally and artificially flavored
No pythons were harmed in the making of this product
1 python was harmed in the making of this product
Heiß wie die Glut
Soixante dix neuf
Ich kann kein Chinesisch
Not sponsered by Enron
Not sponsered by Commadore
Not sponsered by Blockbuster
Not sponsered by Alaska
100% Legal
Warning: this is not a Minecraft mod and it should not be treated as such
Warning: do not play track 1 of this software on any CD player
Implosive!
Explosive!
Did you turn off the stove?
Did you lock the door?
Did you forget your keys?
Twin turbo!
Warning: do not subject to extreme temperatures
May be damaged by UV radiation
May emit UV radiation
We started the fire
Spill proof!
Arachnophobic!
